so
your English
yeah that's right
I can never decide what I like better
leaving home or coming back
I prefer staying I mean oh so you are a
reluctant traveler
got called out to LA unexpected life do
a job of work no rest for the wicked'
been away a lot where else
on an oil rig in the North Sea nine
years is that legal
well time off for good behavior I
shouldn't have even been there it was
these other lads what should have been
there in my place and then just when I
finished me nine years contract wallop
right a bugger off to the states sounds
like you need a rest
yeah could be
freedom is a word already used without
thinking without thinking of the time of
the time when I was loved
very good yeah getting better or not
you